ALGORITHM:
Server :
1. Create a socket with type as SOCK_DGRAM to create a udp socket using socket()
system call.Create a socket with type as SOCK_DGRAM to create a udp socket
using socket() system call.
2. Bind the socket to a specific port using bind() system call.
3. Receive first packet from client using recvfrom() and reply with status code 220 with
fully qualified domain name to indicate server ready.
4. Receive HELO command with fully qualified domain name from client using
recvfrom() system call and respond with status code 250.
5. Receive MAIL command with FROM address from client using recvfrom() system
call and respond with status code 250.
6. Receive RCPT command with TO address from client using recvfrom() system call
and respond with status code 250.
7. Receive DATA command from client using recvfrom() system call and respond with
status code 354 to start receiving mail body.
8. Receive the mail body from the client using recvfrom() system call.
9. Receive QUIT command] from client using recvfrom() system call and respond with
status code 221.
10. Close the socket.



Client :
1. Create a socket with type as SOCK_DGRAM to create a udp socket using socket()
system call.
2. Send an initial message to the server using sendto() and expect a response with status
code 220 and fully qualified domain name of the server.
3. Send a HELO command to the server using sendto() system call with a fully
qualified domain name and expect a response with status code 250.
4. Send a MAIL command along with FROM address to the server using sendto()
system call and expect a response with status code 250.
5. Send a RCPT command along with TO address to the server using sendto() system
call and expect a response with status code 250.
6. Send a DATA command to the server using sendto() system call and expect a
response with status code 354.
7. Read the body of the mail from the user and send it to the server using sendto()
system call.
8. Send a QUIT command to the server using sendto() system call and expect a
response with status code 221.
9. Close the socket
